2023/README.md, before:

# Advent of Code
Advent of Code 2023 🎄 Kotlin Solutions by
`@king-11` 😊 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/1108King) | [Github](https://github.com/king-11) | [Instagram](https://instagram.com/cryptic_sniper)

## What is Advent of Code?
[Advent of Code](http://adventofcode.com) is an online event created by [Eric Wastl](https://twitter.com/ericwastl). Each year, starting on Dec 1st, an advent calendar of small programming puzzles are unlocked once a day at midnight (EST/UTC-5). Developers of all skill sets are encouraged to solve them in any programming language they choose!

You don't need a computer science background to participate - just a little programming knowledge and some problem solving skills will get you pretty far. Nor do you need a fancy computer; every problem has a solution that completes in at most 15 seconds on ten-year-old hardware.

If you'd like to support Advent of Code, you can do so indirectly by helping to [Share](https://adventofcode.com/2020/about) it with others, or directly via [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/webapps/shoppingcart?flowlogging_id=482758c113636&mfid=1607161233294_482758c113636#/checkout/openButton) or [Coinbase](https://adventofcode.com/2020/support/coinbase).

Advent of Code is a registered trademark in the United States.

## Story

Something is wrong with global snow production, and you've been selected to take a look. The Elves have even given you a map; on it, they've used stars to mark the top fifty locations that are likely to be having problems.

You've been doing this long enough to know that to restore snow operations, you need to check all fifty stars by December 25th.

Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

## My Solutions

| Day                                                      | Part One | Part Two |
|----------------------------------------------------------|:--------:|:--------:|
| [Day 1: Trebuchet?!](./src/Day01.kt)                     |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 2: Cube Conundrum](./src/Day02.kt)                  |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 3: Gear Ratios](./src/Day03.kt)                     |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 4: Scratchcards](./src/Day04.kt)                    |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 5: If You Give A Seed A Fertilizer](./src/Day05.kt) |    🌟    |          |
| [Day 6: Wait For It](./src/Day06.kt)                     |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 7: Camel Cards](./src/Day07.kt)                     |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| Day 8: Haunted Wasteland                                 |          |          |
| [Day 9: Mirage Maintenance](./src/Day09.kt)              |    🌟    |    🌟    |

Commit message:

update historical README
add experience for 2022 and 2023
Signed-off-by: Lakshya Singh <lakshay.singh1108@gmail.com>

2023/README.md, after:

# Advent of Code
Advent of Code 2023 🎄 Kotlin Solutions by
`@king-11` 😊 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/1108King) | [Github](https://github.com/king-11) | [Instagram](https://instagram.com/cryptic_sniper)

## Story

Something is wrong with global snow production, and you've been selected to take a look. The Elves have even given you a map; on it, they've used stars to mark the top fifty locations that are likely to be having problems.

You've been doing this long enough to know that to restore snow operations, you need to check all fifty stars by December 25th.

Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

## Experience

Fantasic Fourth year, after being one of those *Java haters* I finally decided to take one of the JVM languages out for a spin. It was gonna be Kotlin because I had seen my friend's solution on how **succinct** and beautiful they can be. Also one more reason was my manager made me understand that Java does get the _job done_ and has a built a lot of __optimizations__ over the years. But one thing, it is **bloated**, when there are many ways to do one thing it becomes difficult. Given I was doing a full time job it was a little difficult for me to solve problem everyday but I tried my best :)

## My Solutions

| Day                                                      | Part One | Part Two |
|----------------------------------------------------------|:--------:|:--------:|
| [Day 1: Trebuchet?!](./src/Day01.kt)                     |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 2: Cube Conundrum](./src/Day02.kt)                  |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 3: Gear Ratios](./src/Day03.kt)                     |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 4: Scratchcards](./src/Day04.kt)                    |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 5: If You Give A Seed A Fertilizer](./src/Day05.kt) |    🌟    |          |
| [Day 6: Wait For It](./src/Day06.kt)                     |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| [Day 7: Camel Cards](./src/Day07.kt)                     |    🌟    |    🌟    |
| Day 8: Haunted Wasteland                                 |          |          |
| [Day 9: Mirage Maintenance](./src/Day09.kt)              |    🌟    |    🌟    |
