2020/README.md, before:

# 2020

This was my first year taking part in AoC. I started out late so the backlog became much for me to cover but I was able to make it till Day 13.

## My Solutions

| Day  | Part One | Part Two |
|---|:---:|:---:|
| ✔ [Day 1: Report Repair](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day1)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 2: Password Philosophy](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day2)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 3: Toboggan Trajectory](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day3)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 4: Passport Processing](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day4)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 5: Binary Boarding](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day5)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 6: Custom Customs](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day6)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 7: Handy Haversacks](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day7)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 8: Handheld Halting](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day8)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 9: Encoding Error](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day9)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 10: Adapter Array](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day10)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 11: Seating System](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day11)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 12: Rain Risk](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day12)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 13: Shuttle Search](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day13)| 🌟 | 🌟 |

Commit message:

chore: add story
Signed-off-by: Lakshya Singh <lakshay.singh1108@gmail.com>

2020/README.md, after:

# 2020

## Story

After saving Christmas five years in a row, you've decided to take a vacation at a nice resort on a tropical island. Surely, Christmas will go on without you.

The tropical island has its own currency and is entirely cash-only. The gold coins used there have a little picture of a starfish; the locals just call them stars. None of the currency exchanges seem to have heard of them, but somehow, you'll need to find fifty of these coins by the time you arrive so you can pay the deposit on your room.

To save your vacation, you need to get all fifty stars by December 25th.

Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

## Experience

This was my first year taking part in AoC. I started out late so the backlog became much for me to cover but I was able to make it till Day 13.

## My Solutions

| Day  | Part One | Part Two |
|---|:---:|:---:|
| ✔ [Day 1: Report Repair](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day1)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 2: Password Philosophy](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day2)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 3: Toboggan Trajectory](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day3)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 4: Passport Processing](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day4)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 5: Binary Boarding](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day5)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 6: Custom Customs](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day6)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 7: Handy Haversacks](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day7)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 8: Handheld Halting](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day8)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 9: Encoding Error](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day9)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 10: Adapter Array](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day10)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 11: Seating System](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day11)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 12: Rain Risk](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day12)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 13: Shuttle Search](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/2020/Day13)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
