2022/README.md, before:

# Advent of Code
Advent of Code 2022 🎄 Rust Solutions by
`@king-11` 😊 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/1108King) | [Github](https://github.com/king-11) | [Instagram](https://instagram.com/cryptic_sniper)


## What is Advent of Code?
[Advent of Code](http://adventofcode.com) is an online event created by [Eric Wastl](https://twitter.com/ericwastl). Each year, starting on Dec 1st, an advent calendar of small programming puzzles are unlocked once a day at midnight (EST/UTC-5). Developers of all skill sets are encouraged to solve them in any programming language they choose!

You don't need a computer science background to participate - just a little programming knowledge and some problem solving skills will get you pretty far. Nor do you need a fancy computer; every problem has a solution that completes in at most 15 seconds on ten-year-old hardware.

If you'd like to support Advent of Code, you can do so indirectly by helping to [Share](https://adventofcode.com/2020/about) it with others, or directly via [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/webapps/shoppingcart?flowlogging_id=482758c113636&mfid=1607161233294_482758c113636#/checkout/openButton) or [Coinbase](https://adventofcode.com/2020/support/coinbase).

Advent of Code is a registered trademark in the United States.

## Story

Santa's reindeer typically eat regular reindeer food, but they need a lot of magical energy to deliver presents on Christmas. For that, their favorite snack is a special type of star fruit that only grows deep in the jungle. The Elves have brought you on their annual expedition to the grove where the fruit grows.

To supply enough magical energy, the expedition needs to retrieve a minimum of fifty stars by December 25th. Although the Elves assure you that the grove has plenty of fruit, you decide to grab any fruit you see along the way, just in case.

Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

## My Solutions

| Day  | Part One | Part Two |
|---|:---:|:---:|
| ✔ [Day 1: Calorie Counting](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day1.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 2: Rock Paper Scissors](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day2.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 3: Rucksack Reorganization](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day3.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 4: Camp Cleanup](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day4.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 5: Supply Stacks](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day5.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 6: Tuning Trouble](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day6.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 7: No Space Left On Device](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day7.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 8: Treetop Tree House](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day8.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 9: Rope Bridge](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day9.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 10: Cathode-Ray Tube](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day10.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 11: Monkey in the Middle](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day11.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 12: Hill Climbing Algorithm](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day12.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 13: Distress Signal](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day13.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 14: Regolith Reservoir](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day14.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 15: Beacon Exclusion Zone](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day15.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 16: Proboscidea Volcanium](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day16.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |

Commit message:

update historical README
add experience for 2022 and 2023
Signed-off-by: Lakshya Singh <lakshay.singh1108@gmail.com>

2022/README.md, after:

# Advent of Code
Advent of Code 2022 🎄 Rust Solutions by
`@king-11` 😊 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/1108King) | [Github](https://github.com/king-11) | [Instagram](https://instagram.com/cryptic_sniper)

## Story

Santa's reindeer typically eat regular reindeer food, but they need a lot of magical energy to deliver presents on Christmas. For that, their favorite snack is a special type of star fruit that only grows deep in the jungle. The Elves have brought you on their annual expedition to the grove where the fruit grows.

To supply enough magical energy, the expedition needs to retrieve a minimum of fifty stars by December 25th. Although the Elves assure you that the grove has plenty of fruit, you decide to grab any fruit you see along the way, just in case.

Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

## Experience

This was my third year and a lot of my juniors from [Club of Programmers](https://github.com/COPS-IITBHU) participated with me. I did it in Rust because I wanted to experience it first hand and make my decision about how good it is and it proved to be super good a little strict (have to battle with compiler) but atleast I won't face issues in production. It was physically a little difficult for me this time because I just started coding after my accident and it wasn't possible for me to sit through long sessions of coding.

## My Solutions

| Day  | Part One | Part Two |
|---|:---:|:---:|
| ✔ [Day 1: Calorie Counting](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day1.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 2: Rock Paper Scissors](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day2.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 3: Rucksack Reorganization](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day3.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 4: Camp Cleanup](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day4.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 5: Supply Stacks](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day5.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 6: Tuning Trouble](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day6.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 7: No Space Left On Device](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day7.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 8: Treetop Tree House](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day8.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 9: Rope Bridge](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day9.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 10: Cathode-Ray Tube](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day10.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 11: Monkey in the Middle](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day11.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 12: Hill Climbing Algorithm](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day12.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 13: Distress Signal](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day13.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 14: Regolith Reservoir](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day14.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 15: Beacon Exclusion Zone](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day15.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
| ✔ [Day 16: Proboscidea Volcanium](https://github.com/king-11/AdventOfCode/tree/main/src/day16.rs)| 🌟 | 🌟 |
